good youtube friend
today I come with a tutorial on how
make a virtual hard disk
windows 7 and windows others able to
cappa can also be approved in xp or
in another system but never in windows
well what we're going to do is go to
run
let's execute and write this disc
mgm of points ms sc
once this is written, they accept
as you see, this window appears
they will wait a little until they are up
to load the disk drives that
have good as you see these are the
hard drives that I have
these two are the hard drives
local people who were already with
computer
and this is a hard drive to act
and that I think what we're going to do to
create a new hard drive
is to go to action and create bhd
good me in this window in location
that they give to examine and we are going to look for the
location where you want to
save the virtual choir file
they give him the name they want, I'm going to
put discs
and
they carry in save
winter and it will be embroidered caloric
and then take out an elegy of the size
of the virtual hard disk can be in
megas swollen or in tigabea they
Hate bytes are already happening to the
Michigan
and passing the thousand megs longer stays that way
that I am going to choose gb
and here we put the amount of gigabytes
the earth is transmitted byte 64
but that I'm going to put a
good
this is what this is, we're going to
change to bh x
so
as it says here so that it admits the maximum
of 64 why
because if I do not know if you put this option
no more than 2 mb you do not go or you will not be able to
create a virtual hard drive and then you
we give to accept
how she
I have already done this
here in this list below is going to
appear the disk and with an icon
he told me
light blue
Y
or that is the disc that we
we create new
well here where the disc says 7 we do
right click initialize disk
this is given to accept
and they are starting in
the created file that we keep in the
starting folder
well there it is already mounted
they click back but in this part
not back from disk 7
the details and we put new volume
simple
and the next
and the next one too and well here
we choose the name of the unit
in the letter I'm going to choose
mobility
we give you next to format this
volume with the following configuration
of the system ntfs files do not change it
expand
they leave it ntfs and here they put labels
crowd in the name of the volume I
I'm going to put
the
sales isco
and you always give everything the nation leaves
and after that, the
euro details of what we
we did when setting the placido the
virtual hard disk volume and the
final now they give you to finalize
As you can see, it takes a little
good to me it seems to me so you can
do not look like it but if you show up they give you
canceled
good
as you see, the disc is already created
Y
and good
and we can not go fixing anymore
team and we already have is that this is this
virtual disk is the one that we create you're going to
see that it has 0.99 gigabytes or is a
gigabyte with a thousand gigs
this can be used for any type
can not be put in a file
HDD
and well I still do not know any so
It can
same when you start the pc is not going to
continue to follow the hard disks that
believe the virtual ones will continue to be
there so do not worry and if you want
Continue creating or deleting a hard drive
virtual you right click and delete
volume while that 's how to eliminate
so good as they have already finished
so good I'm leaving
I am primal and I send a greeting to you
please subscribe is very commented